DOCS-1285: Document Micro-RDK supported models (#2072)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/micro-rdk/motor/_index.md

---
title: "Micro-RDK Motor Models"
linkTitle: "Motor"
weight: 30
type: "docs"
description: "Motor support in the micro-rdk."
images: ["/icons/components/motor.svg"]
tags: ["motor", "components", "micro-rdk"]

> # SMEs: Nick M., Gautham V.

Reviewer: no_list: true

Author: Done

> # SMEs: Nick M., Gautham V.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
no_list: true
# SMEs: Nick M., Gautham V.
```

---

## Configuration

> The micro-RDK currently supports the following models of Motor:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The micro-RDK currently supports the following models of motor:
```

> The micro-RDK currently supports the following models of Motor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For configuration information, click on the supported motor model name:
```

Author: Done

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Model             | Description                                                                      |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`gpio`](./gpio/) | [Standard brushed or brushless DC motor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DC_motor) |

## API

> The [Motor API](/components/motor/#api) is limited to the following supported client SDK API methods, which operate the same as in the full-featured RDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The micro-RDK [motor API](/components/motor/#api) supports only the following client SDK API methods, which operate the same as in the full-featured RDK:
```

---
title: "Micro-RDK Motor Models"
linkTitle: "Motor"
weight: 30
type: "docs"

> description: "Motor support in the micro-rdk."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Support in the micro-RDK for motors, machines that convert electricity into rotary motion."
```

---
title: "Micro-RDK Motor Models"
linkTitle: "Motor"
weight: 30
type: "docs"
description: "Support in the micro-RDK for motors, rotating machines that transform electrical energy into mechanical energy."
images: ["/icons/components/motor.svg"]
tags: ["motor", "components", "micro-rdk"]
no_list: true
# SMEs: Nick M., Gautham V.
---

A motor is a rotating machine that transforms electrical energy into mechanical energy.

> For more information and models supported by [the RDK (features provided by the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/RDK/), see the [Motor component](/components/motor/).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information and models supported by [the RDK (features provided by the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/rdk/), see the [Motor component](/components/motor/).
```

> For more information and models supported by [the RDK (features provided by the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/rdk/), see the [Motor component](/components/motor/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information and models supported by [the RDK (the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/rdk/), see [Motor Component](/components/motor/).
```
[opt]

## Supported Models

For configuration information, click on the supported motor model name:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Model | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| [`gpio`](./gpio/) | [Standard brushed or brushless DC motor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DC_motor) |

> Click on the model names above for configuration information.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Duplicated with line above the table

Author: Ah yes that snuck in there, thank you!
